Hola folks!

This week was quite intense~ long hours, debugging, backtesting, compiling results, documenting and lots of pictures <add them!>
@ office!!

Owing to our newly designated workstation which to our delight, was able to emulate trading strategies in the time frame of 
minutes instead of days, we went on a spree of backtests to find out which of the numerous things we had coded would give us
a positive sharpe, only to realize that we had some major issues, either in the code or in the data. <To be fair, there was an 
issue in both. Data had something weird and we had failed to incorporate the check in the code> Luckily, we did fix that
and found some trends.

Thankfully, the research yielded some insights into the behaviour of reversion strategies and the team is gonna work further
on those. However, there is a slight vacuum that could only be filled by staying here for a few more months to be able to 
see the idea going into production and yielding some hard cash.

When we thought that the game was over, we were told that we had to document our code according to company standards and
prepare a KT (Knowledge Transfer) doc so that even those people could use it who are not yet part of the team. Sounds obvious, 
but that was a LOT of thinking. It made me revisit and reflect on the kind of code I had written and how could the flow 
be improved. I guess for any code now onwards I write that is beyond 100 lines, I will maintain that kind of documentation 
and for every reserch that I pursue, I will make a KT doc. KT doc help me further dwell into the research and come up with 
further arguments. That did bring about a slight sense of fulfilment. 

Our mentors took us for authentic Bengali dinner on the last day, more memories!

Saturday night saw some interesting and insightful discussions with Kushal bhaiya and Mayank on umm.. startups, freelancing,
maggi+egg, movies and okay I can't remember it all, it was a typical Pilani night!

Home for a couple of weeks after six months! Feels good. Have got a lot of catching up to do, friends, family and my beloved
Aero Pure Drive!

As I write this on Sunday night, I can for sure say I'd miss the Monday morning blues, hot chocolate from the vending machine
<yes, their vending machine had all the 8 things!!> and the sight of the backtester. Internship definitely taught me how to 
perserve when you just have the slightest hope of the problem being solved, get going even when you don't "feel like" and 
showing up every single day. Basically what running did to the body, internship did to the mind.

It would be wrong to say I didn't want a week or two completely off, but can't really afford that right now. I'd rather work 
now than regret later. Will definitely not miss out meeting long lost friends though (remember? I have a LOT of catching 
up to do!).

Next two months are gonna be all about BOSM, getting things @ Enactus started, running and striking a chord with EEE. 

That's quite it for now!
