Hola!

So the last two weeks were amazing. Spent time unwinding and it was indeed the happiest time of the summer! Met loads of 
friends, had lots of home cooked food, watched Suits, read a book, reunited with the clay court, slept a lot and am now 
finnaly back #onCampus.

It's amazing how there's good food at home 24X7. After BITS, it's perhaps the most magical place. Aah, I remember those signature
dishes sitting hungry in this semi- furnished hostel room. Not been able to get my trunk yet, so yeah life pretty much is confined
in a suitcase and a trunk I couldn't navigate in a couple of hours.It's sad how no one takes the initiative to keep the trunks in 
an organized fashion. Putting a reminder to work on a solution before this year ends!

It's surprising to see how you meet good friends after months and it feels like you met them not too long ago. Thankfully, my 
friends acknowledged me being alien to the fast changing city and took me to some awesome food joints. Delhi has suddenly started 
to appreciate waffles it seems!

Read almost the whole of Sita Ramayana. Even though I knew the story by heart, it was refreshing to get another perspective on
the legend. Devdutt Pattanaik did a great job in highlighting the influence of culture on the popular version of Ramayana through
time. In a very elegant fashion, he presented all the different sources from which the current popular version is drawn and
offered multiple perspectives backed by thoughtful interpretation of facts through logic. Since all the Ramayana I had consumed
till date (primarily through television) reflected Ram's perspectives, reading the same story from Sita's perspective did give
a sense of completeness. In the process, I was really thankful to my Cultural Studies professor, for the whole concept of popular
culture and it's influence on interpretation was fairly intuitive to me throughout the reading.

Tennis was too much fun. My tennis partner Lomesh really does bring out the best in me. That's a different story though that
I need to work on my game a lot. It's quite inconsistant, with forehand being the achilles heel at the moment. Perhaps it's
the lack of strength in the forearm. Let's work on that!!

These two weeks saw some progress on calling. Couldn't really get myself to call all the time, but yeah some promising leads.

Now that 3-1 is starting, it's really important that I define my priorities and stick to them. I don't think I can afford much
deviation now!

So yeah the next two weeks are completely going to be about running, calling, recruitments and getting back to acads.

That's it, folks!
