Hola! 

This week saw a good but slow progress @ work, crazy weekend fun, good runs and rusty calling.

Finally managed to get the data in the backtester format. Wrote Java code after quite some while. Learnt the importance of regular 
and unammbbgous comminucation, the hard way! Had to do the task three or four times due to unscalable approaches in the previous 
attempts. This made the progress real slow but I did learn some things en route. I don't think though that a two month window 
and a daunting project allows for such unproductive stints. Also, got a sneek peek into the magnitude of challenge involved
in strategy development. Some researchers out there have been working on strategies for 5-6 months, and still in the process
of shipping them. Will have to cover up the time lost in redoing data processing and to catch up with the pace to do something
impactful in the remaining month by putting in a few extra hours, every single day.
Interesting work ahead though, we'd soon be playing around with parameters and getting our hands dirty with more diverse data sets.

Calling wasn't that good. I am really struggling to find the right balance. The main issue being, looking up marketing strategies
of companies and cold calling completely breaks the rhythem while coding and I just don't feel like getting up when I am in the 
middle of a bug. I will really have to step out of that comfort zone and push myself to make those calls, have no other option.
Spending extra hours @ the office will help here.

Running was good. Winded up the weekend with an 8 K run, I think it has been months since I ran that much. Next week's schedule is
a bit more intense, hopefully will get me further in the rhythem. I have my doubts of being in a shape good enough to run 21 K 
within an hour and fifty five minutes but I don't mind risking failure here. This has to be done, already been delayed too 
much by the injury. It's kinda weird but I can't help thinking of the stamina and speed I had built a few months back while I am 
running, and now going through the whole process all over again. But I love the process and it's completely worth it. Running has 
always been about breaking through the imaginary cage of limitations up in the head. On an optimistic note though,
now that I have lost stamina, I am able to go through the process of pushing myself in lesser time. ;) 

Weekend was a lot of fun with friends. Watched tennis matches, went to the Princep Ghat <add pic here>, had loads of street food
and relaxed like hell~ movies, sherlock episodes and what not! Planning to go on a trip outa the city next week, I hope it 
materializes. 

Reading 'Rich Dad Poor Dad', it has a perspective to offer, a perspective very different than what is imbibed in schools, at home
and in the society in general. Well, I find it engrossing, contrarian truth, you see!

That's about it for now.
