This week was mostly about getting comfortable with the office schedule, my PG and going around Kolkata with most of 
the productivity centered around office. Overall though, it was fairly unproductive outside office with nil progress on 
BOSM calling and coding. 

The internship is pretty exciting, have been learning a lot a about algorithmic trading as a whole and starting to get an 
intuitive feel of trading strategies. Not a steep one, but yeah a good learning curve.
It really amazing to see how much time directors @QuantOne spent understanding our past projects, strengths, interest areas
and what we expect out of the next two months before allocating the projects. All nine of us had a one on one interaction with 
both the founders. Considering time is literally money in finance and they had to give up their recreation room to accommodate us,
it's evident that they expect some serious work from our end. Thankfully, they accommodated my preference and gave me some 
research work. The next two months at work will be spent trying to beat the market, reading research papers, fitting parameters
and evaluating backtest results. It will be great if I am able to apply some ML here, let's see.
This week @office was mostly about getting aquinted with finance, algorithmic trading and the required technologies as per our
projects, serious work is expected to begin from tomorrow. We had a five hour long test on Tuesday that comprised of quant 
aptitude and coding. I really need to work on my coding skills, they suck! 

I stick to the Run+ schedule, feels a bit rusty though. Hardly touching the peak pace, hopefully it will get better. 

The weekend was spent going around Kolkata. That could have been potential productivity but well, #tradeOff. Spent Saturday evening
strolling around Camac street and Sunday touring Victoria Palace <include pic> and Indian Museum. This chain WowMomo here is 
outrightly amazing! Baked momo augratin <include pic> is one of the best dishes I tried recently. It's fried momos + sauce + 
mayo + cheese + noodles. Cheeku kulfi was a delight as well. I think I am beginning to fall for this city. ;) 

The next week will entail some serious productivity at office, continuation of a consistent running schedule, beginning of summer 
calling for BOSM and me making time for studying DSA everyday. Weekends though, will see more of Kolkata. That's about it 
for now!
